Add XLS-62d: 0062 XLS-62d: Options (#350)
XRPLF/XRPL-Standards: XLS-0062-options/README.md

> <pre>
>     XLS: XLS-62d
>     Title: 0062 XLS-62d: Options
>     Author: Denis Angell (dangell7)
>     Created: 2024-03-25
>     Status: Stagnant
>     Category: Amendment
> </pre>

Author: ```suggestion
<pre>
  xls: 62
  title: Options
  description: A new framework for options trading on the XRPL protocol
  author: Denis Angell (@dangell7)
  created: 2024-03-25
  status: Stagnant
  category: Amendment
</pre>
```
